hey what's up guys ace here I'm going to
introduce you to season two of marvel
avengers Alliance is pvp and this
unlockable hero time it's cable yes yes
will achieve the adamantium League see
you cable then you get a cranium and
diamond and gold let's go let's check
out more details shall we shall see
continue oops there you go alright let's
check out our wards all right so you got
the normal hundred thousand silver so
that's good for a night rank up ten gold
the nanny inductive nail gun the bow
nano technology allows for deposit
regeneration in the ignition okay hi
crits counter-attack oh man what is this
enough before hit things less than
another I like mine killer another nail
gun a different nail gun oh yeah see a
magnet magnet electrical maniacally I
did a nanny I like to our magnetic
shield absorbs damage remaining attack
so I guess another another shield bonus
nice PV people in photo and then it got
the blueprint scrapers power armor and
this one has precise strike chance at
ignoring defense oh nice nice and then
you got cable it is a passive skill
techno-organic virus psychic powers are
suppressed by controlling the tio buyers
edition abilities may be unlocked and a
cost too dangerous deal and he's a
blaster so he's not a general generalist
title I'm a lot of people were hoping
not to mention that they also put the
ranked in top 0.5% so rather than the
top 1000 they increase the the
percentage or the the amount of people
that could achieve cable when point five
percent is actually a pretty good number
and I think it's more than a thousand
who knows nowadays what the number is
but yeah so the top 0.5 could get it and
I was a 1400 last time so I think it'd
be possible now for me yay well yeah
that's the season 2 eb pikas thank you
for watching see you guys next time
peace
air old